so what I try to do here is you see how
smooth the water is it's quite rare
actually I'm recording this with the
same photo or the same camera I'm taking
this photo with this is a 24 millimeter
prime lens on the sony a7r see down here
these rocks okay so I was standing up
and I'm squeezing
about all that I wanted you know so I
feel like 24 millimeter is just perfect
give it a little bit the edge there on
the right and over on the left and the
lower I get the more more rocks I see
you might not be able to see all that in
the final photo but get a hint of it so
if I stand up and then I get up here
okay now I'm sort of it at eye level or
whatever normal human eye level is you
just see less rocks so anyway that's why
I decided to squat down well we'll see
how the final shot turns out if you want
me to pan around and you can see the
rest this is Lake Wakatipu by the way
I'm on the way to Glenn Turkey that's a
big island and pigeon island out there
yeah it's all it's all great it's
actually really easy to get down here
it's my truck right up there I said to
clamber down that little thing alright
we'll see how this thing turns out